 ok, in this video the main topic is about, ok, in this video the core point of
 the video is, make future proof this youtube channel, with the constant changes
 in the industry of youtube, there are so many changes and is difficult to keep
 with them, for that reason the team behind the youtube channel is starting a
 patreon, they make easy for us because they just start with a basic tier with a
 cost of 3 bucks monthly, in this tier you will get several things, if you are
 disposed to contribute with the patreon obviously, several things, first your
 name is going to appear at the end of the every video, then you have special
 discount in them merchandising, they also have callings with the team, in which
 they are going to talk about new video ideas, whats going on with the
 thumbnails of the videos, do some drawings about the videos because its an
 animated channel, if you can't afford to contribute with the patreon, there is
 always a good way to support the channel, with a subscribe, a like and a
 comment in every video, and for the end the creators as always is motivating us
 to think in the things and explore new things, because its a channel about
 knowledge and exploring things.

In this video, the main point is about making the YouTube channel future-proof.
With all the constant changes happening on YouTube, it can be difficult to keep
up. For that reason, the team behind the channel has launched a Patreon. They’ve
made it simple by starting with just one basic tier at $3 a month.

This tier comes with several perks for those who choose to support. First, your
name will appear at the end of every video. You’ll also get special discounts on
their merchandise. In addition, they host calls with the team where they discuss
new video ideas, updates about thumbnails, and even share sketches for their
animated content.

If you can’t contribute through Patreon, there’s still a great way to support
the channel—by subscribing, liking, and commenting on the videos. And as always,
the creators encourage us to keep thinking, discovering, and exploring new
ideas, because the channel is all about knowledge and curiosity.
